docs: Sync DITA and OS content (#1102)
kyma-project/cloud-manager: docs/user/README.md

## What is Cloud Manager?

> The Cloud Manager module manages access to the chosen resources and products of cloud providers. Once you add Cloud Manager to your Kyma cluster, the module brings the offered resources in a secure way. Cloud Manager is strictly coupled with the cloud provider where your Kyma cluster is deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Cloud Manager module manages access to cloud providers' chosen resources and products. Once you add Cloud Manager to your Kyma cluster, the module securely brings the offered resources. Cloud Manager is strictly coupled with the cloud provider where your Kyma cluster is deployed.
```
